Fix worker autoscaling info on parallelism (#1953)
astronomer/docs: astro/release-notes.md

To better scale concurrent task runs, Astro now dynamically calculates [`parallelism`](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/configurations-ref.html#parallelism), which is an Airflow configuration that determines the maximum number of tasks that can run concurrently within a single Deployment.

> A Deployment's `parallelism` is now equal to the maximum possible number of workers multiplied by [`worker_concurrency`](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/configurations-ref.html#worker-concurrency). This change ensures that your task runs won't be limited by a static parallelism limit as workers autoscale in your Deployment. See [Worker Autoscaling Logic](configure-worker-queues.md#worker-autoscaling-logic) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Deployment's `parallelism` is now equal to the maximum number of workers multiplied by [`worker_concurrency`](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/configurations-ref.html#worker-concurrency). This change ensures that your task runs aren't limited by a static parallelism limit as workers autoscale in your Deployment. See [Worker Autoscaling Logic](configure-worker-queues.md#worker-autoscaling-logic) for more information.
```
If you feel strongly about keeping _possible_, I would use _allowable_ instead.
